Clarify User Secrets usage in App Secrets topic (#10722)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/security/app-secrets.md

The [ASP.NET Core Configuration API](xref:fundamentals/configuration/index) provides access to Secret Manager secrets. If your project targets the .NET Framework, install the [Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets) NuGet package.

In ASP.NET Core 2.0 or later, the user secrets configuration source is automatically added in development mode when the project calls <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder*> to initialize a new instance of the host with preconfigured defaults. `CreateDefaultBuilder` calls <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecretsConfigurationExtensions.AddUserSecrets*> when the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IHostingEnvironment.EnvironmentName> is <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.EnvironmentName.Development>:

[!code-csharp[](app-secrets/samples/2.x/UserSecrets/Program.cs?name=snippet_CreateWebHostBuilder&highlight=2)]

> When `CreateDefaultBuilder` isn't called and the host is built manually, add the user secrets configuration source. Place a call to <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecretsConfigurationExtensions.AddUserSecrets*> in the `Startup` constructor. Call `AddUserSecrets` when the app runs in the Development environment by checking the value of <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.HostingEnvironmentExtensions.IsDevelopment*>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `CreateDefaultBuilder` isn't called, add the user secrets configuration source explicitly by calling <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecretsConfigurationExtensions.AddUserSecrets*> in the `Startup` constructor. Call `AddUserSecrets` only when the app runs in the Development environment, as shown in the following example:
```
